You
know, I'm going to try and make it a quickie, but you know how that always goes. Sorry about that, guys.
For the unvaccinated, you're looking at a winter of severe illness and death.
For yourselves, your families, and the hospitals you may soon overwhelm.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to GIGO and Biological, where we're learning
biology right now, and trusting the science, right, seems legit.
These aren't new graphics, actually, these are graphics from 2021, surprise, surprise.
We've been so hip that what looks like new graphics are actually almost three years old
now, well, two years old.
We got Galileo flying in from the left and GIGO and biological from the upper right.
We got Big Bird, this is 2021, baby.
Wow Chief, or Christmas, you know, action figures with real masks so you can, I mean,
once they can make you believe absurdities, they can make you commit atrocities, has that
ever been said before that just seems crazy to me.
Look at these old slides still looking right.
I mean, are you kidding, at the heart of this are people who have convinced us to
fight each other instead of fighting them.
Who makes this stuff?
Wow, that must have been some...
Look at these slides, I mean, seriously.
Oh, there's a new one, I stuck a new one in there, look at that shout-out, do you remember
when I did that?
Did you know that I was already shouting out the real shout-out, covering my eyes, that
raccoon, that rascally raccoon, but we are doing just fine now.
If you go in biological, the high resistance, low noise information brief, the only one
on the internet, the illusion requires your participation to sustain, thank you very much
to that person on the right there, my best friend and wife, thank you Fairlucks.
If you have been following me for a while, you're here at the top of the wave, and if
you're a skilled TV watcher, well, here's your life raft, here's your life preserver,
your lifeguards are on duty.
The Baywatch Biology, Gigal Biological, holy cow, where'd that come from?
The Baywatch Biology, I'm gonna get some shit for that one.
So this is how it works.
I've been financially supported for a couple of years by my supporters, now I'm working
full-time for children's health defense, I was about to say Chicago's health defense,
I don't know what that was all about, children's health defense.
And I still actually am partially supported by subscribers and donations, because I do
put a lot of work into these evenings.
I am a real life biologist you could find with Google, under the name Jonathan J. Cooley,
I'm not hiding, I've had my full, full identity on the internet for quite some time,
not hiding behind anything.
Lovely to see you all again as well.
43 viewers, that was my high school basketball number, the best number is 43.
That's pretty funny.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Gigal and Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief,
brought to you by a biologist.
It's the 18th of November, 2023, and we are still trying to break down the narrative
that we've been dealt.
Look at this slide from 2021 with the nice card, it's almost like an old game show from
the 80s.
Our common narrative was the biological bifurcation of America, maybe of Earth.
We talked a lot about this, we talked about the life before social media and how our brains
were pretty much oriented around our family, and there was a common narrative that was
not only in our house on the wall there, you see, but it was also not only on the wall
there, you see, but it was also on the television.
And then at some point in the pandemic, these people started to become a little disgruntled
with what was on TV because nothing that they believed in was on TV anymore.
And the kids, the young people that have grown up with modern TV and social media, you know,
I grew up in a time when you had to get up and push buttons on the TV and then there
was this remote that made clicking noises.
We didn't upgrade a lot, most people who had televisions didn't upgrade a lot.
I can remember that my godmother and father, their basement had a television with three
giant light colors coming out of the front.
You couldn't walk between the television projector and the screen, or there would be
this three colored, anyway, long story short, we grew up in a different time.
And now our common narrative is almost lost in this noise of social media and instant
access from work and instant access from our friends and all this media at our fingertips
that allows us to become fractionated and distracted from one another, even in our own homes.
And so as this has progressed, people have become almost programmed, chosen, choosing
places on the internet to hide that feel safe, choosing places in this imaginary network
to hide where it feels safe.
And so at the start of the pandemic, I've often posited that there were basically four
kinds of people, people that could see that really, they've picked some kind of independent
position, but it was really a false one, a blue position, but it's a false one, a red
one, it's a false one, or you just know that all the positions are false and you're just
angry.
But these four people are the basis for where we are right now.
And this is the fractionization that now we're supposed to choose sides about after
our common narrative has been destroyed, we're supposed to choose sides about this biological
scooby-doo, this trap.
And if you don't understand this trap, then you're never going to get out.
You've got to understand why the cheese has been free for three years.
And I think that's, it's a really apt thing to talk about, you know, not to bring up,
you know, fancy quotes and everything, but Mark Twain is a very smart fella.
And he, he pointed out that, you know, it's easier to fool someone than it is to convince
someone that they have been fooled.
And so that's the task ahead of us.
We have to convince our family and friends that we were fooled to answer the question,
was it natural or was it a lab leak?
And that's really, that's really something special.
Like you really got a, got a task at your hand if you're, if you're going to try to
tell them that the last three years was largely a performance.
But you've got even more cards to play because you can remind them that we were told from
the very, very beginning of the pandemic before the vaccine was even close to out.
We were already being told that other vaccines, old vaccines are obviously safe and effective.
This is how we got rid of diseases for our entire modern history.
And so we should expect a new vaccine for this novel virus that may have come from a lab,
but probably it's a natural virus either way.
I mean, that, that was the, that was the narrative, right?
I mean, that, that's the whole idea behind this.
Wait, what's going on here?
Wait.
Oh yeah, I had to do this.
I can do that.
There we go.
I'm sorry.
But anyway, that was the narrative.
I believe it's much more likely that it's a lab leak.
And so this bifurcation of Earth continued with transfection is better than infection
because the viral spike is toxic.
I bet you can't even remember that these, this, this was actually a talking point.
Transfection is better than infection because the viral spike is toxic.
That was a real talking point for almost four or five months in 2021.
And so this bifurcation just keeps continuing.
Every card is new and now we're all the way up to the DNA is in the transfections, but
otherwise they were perfect.
And of course that's what I'm calling this, that's what I'm calling the Scooby Doo.
Am I, am I able to put myself here?
Oh yeah.
Sorry.
Hi.
Good evening.
Welcome to the show.
I'm Cuyin.
I'm coming at you from Pittsburgh.
This illusion of consensus about a laboratory leak, a novel virus, the millions killed and
millions more were saved from the gain of function is probably real and maybe even the source
of this virus and that means that a virus will come again is what Rand Paul and everyone
has been trying to sustain for, for many, many years now.
It was laid from very early on and you can't underestimate how little of what we thought
was a legitimate experience was actually a theater and the deeper you dig, the harder
you push, the more you realize that surrounding a central core that I like to term the independent
bright web is surrounded by what is effectively an expanded intellectual dark web.
And that expanded intellectual dark web is keeping alive this, this faith in a novel
virus, this faith that millions of people were killed by it, this faith that millions
more were saved from it.
The idea that gain of function might be a general, the general source of it.
And therefore a virus will come again.
This intellectual dark web that surrounds the inner independent bright web is basically
what the battle ground were on.
And so we need to start to organize this independent bright web against this intellectual dark
web and we need to do it now before censorship and digital ideas used to effectively close
these gaps with no mistake, with no escape.
And so I've been trying to use this Scooby-Doo analogy for you and our viewers and people
that are following GigaOM for the first time to catch up as fast as possible because we
have been led to believe that there is a mystery to solve and that we have solved it by catching
them in their lies, by seeing these as bioweapons and that they covered it up in Wuhan or that
the US government lies to us.
And of course they even argued and a senator can write about the argument and soon a presidential
candidate is going to release a book.
That book's in my hand right now.
And this narrative is what they have sustained over the last three years to prevent us from
asking the right questions about where these things originate, how they originate.
This whole thing is an illusion of consensus about a worst-case scenario, biological,
laboratory, bioweapon.
I apologize, this is probably too much motion here.
We don't need that tunnel analogy too much more.
I think it's starting to struggle with the memory there.
But the tunnel analogy is very good because it is an illusion, even that picture that
was moving there, it looks like you're moving through a tunnel, but it's an illusion and
that's really what they've done to us with regard to the pandemic, not only by locking
us down and forcing us to interpret the world through our phones and screens, but more importantly
locking us down with an illusion of consensus with even people that we thought were independent
actors.
And we have been in this glass cube just looking out thinking that we are somehow interacting
with the real world or that these people or that these people are interacting with
that real world on our behalf.
And that's really where the trap lies, that we think because somebody like Robert Malone
is fighting for his intellectual property and our rights, that why in the world would
we have to do anything?
I mean, that's a dude on a white horse literally, and that is the new world order that they've
cast us in.
And that's what I want you to see just a glimpse of here before I go to bed.
I watch this video.
I don't know when I'm going to have time to do it again because tomorrow I'm presenting
to the UK doctors.
And then Monday I have two interviews in a row.
I have Jay Bhattacharya and then Peter McCullough, so it's going to be a busy day on Monday.
And so I'm not going to stay up very late tonight, but I just wanted to show you this
video because it's really extraordinary the kinds of things that they said on this clinical
update today.
So I'm going to escape out of here, I'm going to bring this up and scoot it over here and
then pop this out and away we go.
Oh, that's not there.
Pop this out and away we go.
Do I need to do a control Z here?
No, I don't think so.
The podcast about viruses, the kind that make you sick from micro TV.
This is I'm going to have to stop it really quick because they go a million miles a minute
with this crash.
It's a real crash course in September 16th, 2020, idolatry and everything else and you're
listening to the podcast all about viruses.
You're not going to believe it.
Joining me today here at the incubator in New York City, Daniel Griffin.
Hello, everyone.
Okay.
So first of all, keep in mind what he just said there.
This is at the incubator.
This is their studio.
The studio is in Manhattan.
It is funded.
It has people that work for it.
It is a fully funded 501c3 or whatever that is.
That's a major thing to understand here because this is also faculty members.
They are taking charitable donations from everything from pharmaceutical corporations
to large donors, et cetera.
So the conflicts of interest here, although they might not now be on paper very big, the
potential for conflicts of interest here are almost infinite.
The incubator and their best solution is these chairs, that background and laptops
on their lap, like impressive, I can't wait until the first glass of water is spilled
on the laptop.
Yeah, it's nice to be spending some time.
After this, we're going to go to the Dixon de Pumier book signings.
That's very exciting.
Dixon should be in his element, right?
He will be in his element.
If you recall, Dixon is the guy who completely blew them out of the water, blew them out
of the water the other day during that interview, it was really spectacular how he just simply
was incredulous with their discussion of the HPV vaccine modeling paper.
It was a really good one to watch.
If he hadn't missed it, it's a couple of days ago.
What's on your tie today, Daniel?
This is a virus, notice a nice symmetry, almost like a corona of spikes around the outside
there.
The coronavirus?
How do they sell it?
It starts over two or coronavirus.
Actually, they sell this as HIV.
You're serious?
Yeah.
I'm going with coronavirus, right?
Maybe that's cheap.
Do you understand what this is representing?
It shows you exactly what kind of cartoon joke virology really is.
They feign this superiority in fidelity and molecular accuracy and that they understand
all these fine details at this very fine scale of molecular and chemical interaction,
electrostatic charges that interact in three-dimensional space and aqueous and hydrophobic environments.
It's spectacular.
And here they are making fun of the joke cartoons that they know, they have to know,
have been used to mislead the young all around the world for decades and now during the pandemic
around the globe with an almost, well, definitely a malevolent level of just disregard for truth.
Listen carefully to these two charlatans.
Yeah, it's nice to be spending some time.
After this, we're going to go to the Dixon de Pumier book signings.
That's very exciting.
Dixon should be in his element, right?
He will be in his elements.
What's on your tie today, Daniel?
This is a virus.
Notice a nice symmetry, almost like a corona of spikes around the outside there.
Coronavirus?
Sure.
How do they sell it?
It starts over two or coronavirus.
Actually, they sell this as HIV.
You're serious?
Yeah.
I'm going with coronavirus, right?
Maybe that's GP160 or something.
Well, it has the conical cords, and that just doesn't.
Yeah.
That's a problem when you get artists doing the viruses, right?
It depends what they start with.
Anyway, it's a nice tie.
Blackened tan, I guess.
Yeah, it's my fancy.
You got a drink?
Blackened tan.
Yeah, it's a, yeah.
You take Guinness and mix them.
Yeah, you mix like a light beer and then you...
That seems like heresy, doesn't it?
Yes.
All right.
Enough beer.
All right, so let us start with a Jack Kerouac quotation.
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
So there's a real interesting pattern that I have yet to point out simply because I haven't
wasted a lot of your time with this particular version of Twiv, the clinical update because
it's so absurd.
But one thing that I think is a really interesting aspect of this almost obvious scyop is that
when he chooses a quote, it is almost always a quote that is ridiculously on point for
what these two clowns are actually up to, whether they know it or not.
Listen again, it's hysterical.
Okay.
All right, enough beer.
All right.
So let us start with a Jack Kerouac quotation.
Out of focus are not accomplished by those who eat Kerouac quotation.
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
So let's start off with, apparently, the fad these days is to not...
Now that's a very different thing than to state that great things are not accomplished
by people who control those things, right?
Let's listen to that quote one more time because I think it's almost so apt to say
that the people who control those things can achieve great things, atrocities, even.
With a Jack Kerouac quotation, great things are not accomplished by those who yield to
trends and fads and popular opinion.
Trends, fads, and popular opinion.
If you can control those three things, though, you can do lots of nasty stuff.
So it's always the quote is always some kind of double edged sword that cuts him right
through the middle and cuts the narrative right through the middle.
You can almost tell that they know what they're doing or the person that's choosing these
quotes knows what they're doing.
So let's start off with, apparently, the fad these days is to not protect our children
with vaccines, Vincent.
So I will start off with that disturbing news.
So the MMWR coverage with selected vaccines and exemption from school vaccine requirements
among children in kindergarten, United States, 2022, 23 school year.
So this is basically the last year, 2022 through 2023 school year.
The exemption, the exemption rate increased to 3% across this country.
Vins increased in 41 states, exceeding 5% in 10 states.
And this is available, CDC.gov, we'll leave in a link.
But you can go through and you can find your state.
And I, Vincent, I pulled a few out for you just to sort of highlight who's the winner
when it comes to losing Idaho at 12.1%.
Idaho, what kind of crazy and so we're talking about philosophical objections here, not necessarily
religious objections to getting vaccines to go to school.
And up 12% from the year before, I'm not really sure what that means.
If they were very low, it might not be that big of an increase.
And keep in mind that these guys are obviously wants to make it seem as though the increases
are really disturbing.
And obviously, giggle and biological takes the stance that, you know, intramuscular injection
of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And these guys are clearly pro vaccine as one of the top three best inventions of humankind
right up there with the wheel and the space shuttle.
You know, Arizona, 7.4 Wisconsin, 7.2, Washington, you know, they're a great Pacific state.
We got 4% who's winning when it comes to winning New York, 0.1.
Hey, we're in New York right now.
I'm proud of it.
I'm proud of you.
Okay.
And Joe Manchin country, West Virginia, less than 0.1.
So.
And these are.
I would guess that that's there's something weird about that in West Virginia.
It might not be that anybody cares.
And if you don't need to get an exemption and the state never reports it or never checks
or whatever, it's not clear to me how this is really reinforced in Pennsylvania.
Now that I know, you can just print out a form and sign it and it's done like you have
a philosophical objection to this, this kind of medicine.
It's done.
And that's the way it should be.
Of course, if we were a free country and we were dealing with real biologists and we
were talking about real immunology, but we're not.
Exemptions that have been granted to children to not be vaccinated to go to school.
Yeah.
They medical exemptions most no philosophical.
That's this new thing.
Philosophically, philosophic.
I just don't sort of believe in protecting my children against these vaccine.
You know, I think that's in order to know philosophical.
That's this new thing.
So this is going to get disturbing right now.
He's going to characterize the philosophical objection as a new thing, but it's really
not a new thing.
It's an expansion of the religious objection.
It's a more generalized way of expressing the religious objection.
If you have to go so far as to say that you, your particular version of a deity forbids
you from participating in a vow or taking a vaccination.
You should be able to have better.
And I'm not saying that's not a great reason, but you should have better, more, more concrete
reasons.
I mean, even saying that there's an irreducible complexity to the immune system and to our
physiology that I believe far exceeds the, the claimed expertise of those that would
push the vaccines on us as a requirement.
And I am very, very skeptical of anybody that says that they want the vaccines tested unless
they explicitly say that that is a strategy in order for everybody to learn that these
are, these are wholly inappropriate for augmenting the immune system.
The trouble is, is that if you're asking for them to be tested, then somebody's got
to be injected intramuscularly to augment their immune system which I'm arguing is dumb.
So I don't like that argument.
I think it's just easier to argue the biology as it is and let these people kind of flounder
around the very simple statement that the immune system is organized from the inside
out and toward barriers.
And so any attempt to augment the immune system should occur at that barrier and not
behind it.
And they won't be able to make an argument against that.
They can say, oh, it's not really all the images to work because the immune system is
all over your body or something like they could say that, but it doesn't make any biological
sense.
They can't expand on it.
They can't, they can't continue to make this argument with yabbats.
They have to have a kind of coherent story.
I can go on about this for three hours straight.
I think that in order to have a philosophical, I don't believe in protecting my children
against these vaccine, you know, I think that in order to have a philosophical, I don't
believe in protecting my children against these vaccine preventable diseases.
That's their best characterization of someone who would rather forego the vaccination schedule
or God forbid have some of the live attenuated vaccines after age five.
I mean, I don't want to tell people what they can and cannot do.
And to a certain extent, I don't know.
I think we have to make some choices sometimes when we talk to people and we have to decide
whether we're fighting for freedom or whether we're fighting for that particular philosophy,
which is ultimately this is the ultimately the biology, the fundamental biology is that
augmenting the immune system from an intramuscular injection doesn't really make sense.
But do we really want that to be our goal with everybody or do we want to take a more
general idea that by telling them that we don't understand this biology enough for
them to act so arrogant as to force people to use their proposed solution?
Do we want to even go more general and say that it's freedom and what freedom is is
our right to choose and more importantly, our right to inform consent and to say no.
And so each one of these angles is a little bit different.
One of them appeals more to your critical thinker.
One of them appeals more to your to your libertarian or to your to your patriot.
And at the dinner table at Thanksgiving, we're going to have to decide with some people which
one of those is the angle to take.
Some of them are going to be open to the biological angle, but they might be very well very well
open to the freedom angle, the sovereignty angle.
And if they're open to the sovereignty angle, then they might even be open to the idea that
people would lie to you in order to get that sovereignty away from your children.
People like these people might lie to you and your children and to college age kids
in order to steal that sovereignty for the for the team that they play for because make
no mistake about it, there are teams on the field right now and they want nothing more
than for us never to form our own team.
The independent bright web would be their worst nightmare.
People that call each other out, people that talk regularly, people that debate with each
other and collectively elevate and promote one another.
That could be so dangerous.
And that's what they don't want right now because the intellectual dark web was exactly
that kind of pyramid with people like Joe Rogan and the Weinstein boys on the top and
then underneath our Lex and all those other guys that get element sponsorships and then
under them is Tim Poole and all these other clowns that look up to one half of the pyramid
and the whole narrative and argument structure is controlled from the top.
A independent bright web would be controlled from the bottom and we would be elevating
one another and that's what I think would work really well here.
That's what would defeat these kinds of people who have all this artificial elevated algorithmic
help, financial comfort come from weaponized piles of money all around the world.
We've got to give ourselves a chance to overcome the handicap of having to fight against weaponized
piles of money.
Independent bright web.
I don't know if that's going to stick or not, but I think it's a really good idea.
Objection.
You should have to answer a 20 question test on vaccines when you need to pass and I'll
bet none of them would pass because I'm going to make up the test you and I will make up
the test.
All right.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
I'm on vaccines.
You need to pass and I'll bet none of them would pass because I'm going to make up the
test.
You and I will make up the test.
All right.
Yeah.
I would like to take that test.
This is really disturbing.
We're discussing this on the last urgent care call this week.
And you know, just prepare to start seeing stuff that we thought we weren't going to
see so much anymore.
Well, the good news is if you have a child and you vaccinate them, they'll be protected
from disease.
Yeah.
But unfortunately, the kids don't have a say in this matter and they'll get sick and
they may have lifelong disabilities as a consequence.
Wow.
Lifelong disabilities as a consequence of not getting vaccinated.
That's a weird flip of things, isn't it?
Where the lifelong disability is going to come from measles, mumps, rubella, pertussis,
RSV, the flu, coronavirus, which one of those is going to give you lifelong chronic illness?
Boy, that's a, that's a, that's a inversion right there.
That is an inversion.
I got to like blow a whistle and say inversion, foul.
I mean, that's, that's, I don't know what to say.
That's, that's pretty funny.
I mean, the parents, they're not bad people.
They're just, they're the victims of this massive misinformation campaign that is not
benefiting them, but is benefiting certain people who are filling their coffers.
Wow.
Camping them, but is benefiting certain people who are filling their coffers.
Filling their coffers.
Flue looks like a little bit of a rise.
Flue is coming.
This is six times the number of cases compared to this time last year.
Wow.
Six times the number of cases.
Mostly hitting kids.
So 19 and younger.
Yeah, they're reading from a teleprompter.
My guess is they got the equipment.
I mean, you know, the spare no expense.
This is the Jurassic Park of propaganda here.
Most of the U.S. not really seeing much of a rise, but, you know, we've got New Mexico,
we've got Alaska, Florida's is jumping in with high levels.
So we're, we're starting to see an increase, you know, particularly in those, those little
kids for and under.
And I'll mention so far of the isolates, it's looking like 90% are H1 viruses.
That's good because those are less virulent than the H3 viruses, right?
So we'll see.
We'll see how it goes.
I don't know, six, six times the number of cases in Puerto Rico, a lot of predictions
that this might be a challenging winter ahead of us.
All right.
Puerto Rico.
So I can't skip when I hear something about Canada or us, a total of 1313 cases have been
reported in Nevada so far.
This year of those, we're talking about a fungus, clinical cases, actual infections,
not just colonization.
At this time last year, Nevada had a total of 774, we're almost double that.
There were cases.
You will recall that there was one paper from vodkaing in the Netherlands that looked
at the activation of the immune system or the response of immune system in some assay.
I don't know if it was a T cell assay or just a lymphocyte assay.
And looking at a battery of bacterial antigens and a battery of fungal antigens after Moderna
vaccination and they showed a change.
And so I think it was hypersensitivity to bacteria and hypo sensitivity to fungus, but it could
have been the other way around.
It doesn't matter.
There's going to be a whole host of potential mechanisms for immune compromise that could
be dysregulation, that could be some kind of lymphocyte opinion.
There's lots of different reports and lots of different descriptions about what happens.
But generally speaking, the immune system becoming compromised because of this kind of
misguided augmentation attempt is not unusual.
And so it's interesting that, of course, they're going to try to make a story about
this rising fungal cases of infection in people, but never make any connection or never even
ask the question.
I wonder if these people have had all their COVID shots and if they have it, it's made
it more vulnerable.
Of course, it probably has.
It is 11 o'clock.
I've been on for 36 minutes and I'm going to try and cut it a little bit short.
I really wanted you to just see the tie and to hear the immediate report about the decrease
in vaccination rate and the way that they discussed it.
The rest of the show just goes on with the mythology, talking about COVID, talking about
different variants, talking about whether or not certain drugs that are given to old
people when they have COVID-19 or SARS-CoV-2, I guess, by PCR or something like that, whether
or not their variant changes.
It's all a bunch of bogus bogus.
I don't really think it's worth our time, but I did want you to see that and then I just
did want to test this out a little bit to see if this makes sense and if you remember
this at all, I want you to think about how easy it would be for them to take what was
a background signal, an RNA-DNA background signal, and that's represented by the train.
And then they can take and use PCR testing and lateral flow testing that confounds that
background signal with seroprevalence to other things and with the presence of other RNA
and DNA, be it endogenous or exogenous, and confounds that with the idea that there is
a novel virus.
And so in this case, he is confounding the train moving and stopping and letting people
out with him being able to stop it and him needing to start it.
And they can actually, you can actually use this analogy to describe almost the entire
Scooby-Doo because while we are meant to believe that this guy is stopping and starting the
train, what I want you to understand is that the illusion of consensus is not one guy.
Imagine if there were, if you're a little kid standing on the wall, because that's
what you were when you had your phone or you're watching TV, you're a little kid standing
on the wall and that train comes into the station and not one guy in shorts, but 40
guys in big work outfits with greasy gloves on and work protective gear.
And those 40 guys do the same thing that this guy is doing and they grunt as it stops and
they push and they grunt as they get the train going again.
Now the illusion of consensus is a lot easier to believe or it's a lot harder to dismiss
than if it's just one guy and he's chalking up his hands and you can hear that the train
is making all these other noises.
But if you got 40 guys out there or 400 guys out there and they pretended to stop the train
and they pretended to start the train, well, holy cow, now you've got an illusion going.
And if you get people on the left and on the right, you get people on the lab leak
side and on the natural virus side, if you get the people on the early treatment side
and the antibiotic side, if you get the people on the hydroxychloroquine side and the ivermectin
side to all participate in this illusion, we've got a serious problem on our hands.
Do you understand what I'm saying here, ladies and gentlemen, do you get why the Scooby-Doo?
It doesn't have to be the Scooby-Doo, it can be the train pusher.
These people have all pretended to be part of the train pushing crew.
Some of them sold an ivermectin book or a hydroxychloroquine book or a bioweapon book
or a lies book or a Wuhan lie book or a horror or a no virus story and they all end up pushing
the same faith in a novel virus, they all push the same silly illusion of consensus
that somehow a combination of our actions and our fumbling, we were able to stop a virus
and stop a pandemic and saved people that millions of other people got killed.
This illusion of consensus has to be broken, I don't know what analogies to use other
than the faith in a novel virus, that's what it is, it's a faith and it's a faith
that was sustained by a bunch of people pretending to stop that train or knowing how it stopped
or participating in it, they sustained the illusion and that faith is a lie and all you
need is that background train running on schedule.
All you need is that background train running on schedule and this all works fine.
PCR tests, yeah sure, here they go, here they are, hydroxychloroquine, oh boy that saves
everybody, oh Ivermectin, oh slow down, we need some new stuff because there's a new
thing out there.
They pretended to stop the train and the train was an endemic background, the train was the
protocols being murder and the transfection not being medicine but none of these people
told you that but that's what the train is, the protocols are murder, transfection is
not medicine and there was a background signal that they confounded with a pandemic idea
and none of these people have told you that the train is actually going all by itself
and it doesn't matter what these people did, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, it doesn't
matter, it was always there, the train just runs on schedule, protocols were murder and
the transfection is not medicine and that's why this no virus thing is, there's no trains
at all, that train's not even there.
I don't know what to say, I'm just trying to find ways to teach it better, ways for
people to understand it easier.
An active theater is required for that train gag to work and the more people that participate
in that theater besides that one dude in shorts, the better that theater becomes.
The more varied they are in their response, some of them could even get dragged by the
train, you know, some of them could scream or let their shoes drag or they could stumble,
make it look even cooler, some of them could have ropes, you know what I mean?
That's what they did, just a great big impromptu train stopping show and that impromptu train
stopping show is on this slide right here because they don't talk about what the train
really is which is just PCR fraud and variant sequencing fraud, death certificate fraud,
a fraud about how an RNA virus in a small quantity in a market could become a planet
covering RNA virus in a few weeks.
Transfection being useful, come on, natural immunity, has anyone taught you that?
How many people do you know that actively call themselves on social media immunologists
and have never taught single podcast immunology 101 lecture with pictures?
I'll think of a few off the top of my head, immunologist, I'm pretty sure Jessica Rose
has immunologist in the top of her, in the top of her Twitter thing and she might even
say that she has a postdoctoral degree in immunology.
I think that the disambiguation wizard named Robert Malone also calls himself an immunologist
but he's never bothered to explain it and I'm sure there are many more immunologists
that haven't bothered to teach immunology 101 with respect to the background signal,
with respect to the response to RNA viruses in general and the reason why they're doing
this is because this is not about a pandemic, this is about digital ID, digital currency,
the collapse of the dollar, the inversion of the sovereignty of your children.
This is about enslavement, this is about a multi-generational plan and they want you
to be thinking about next year in the election, they're thinking about their kids' kids and
what their kids' kids will own and what their kids' kids will know that our kids won't
know and that's why they will be the rulers.
They want to govern the whole world with this mythology ladies and gentlemen, that's the
plan.
Please stop all transfections in humans, please stop transfections in humans, please stop them
because they're trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
This has been GIGO and biological where we say intramuscular injection by any combination
of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, transfection and
healthy humans is criminally negligent.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been GIGO, biological to high-resistance, low-noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Thank you very much for joining me and I'll see you again tomorrow night.
Sunday is at 3 o'clock Eastern, 3 o'clock Eastern I will be presenting live to the UK
Doctors 3 o'clock tomorrow and then I think it's on my schedule the afternoon
and early evening for J by Vicharya and Peter McCullough on Monday.
Thank you very much again for joining me, I'm sorry I was so late.
I almost let the streak go and then I thought you know what, maybe I should try to keep
the streak going at least until the book is available or something like that anyway.
Thanks everybody for being here, see you again tomorrow.